is Gregor Jensen with New York Red Bulls
com you ventus FC one of the biggest and
most famous clubs in the welcome to red
bull arena today coach ansbach is going
to look to give all of his players a
chance to see how they match up against
del piero diego trezeguet and the rest
of the UV superstars
how pleased with the performance today
I'm very very pleased because I can just
go to myself for example about my
romance it again slower James or give
teams on a lower level in a way you
didn't like to lose even if it's
friendlies and it hurts a lot to being
conceded three goals I'm absolutely sure
for the event because starting lineup
for the first 60 minute it's normally
world class team so our performance was
absolutely phenomenal i would say the
defending discipline the shape was
almost one hundred percent the attacking
game we didn't force it today the
possession was the decision making in
our attacking game when their possession
went through attack was almost perfect
you know you have to be very organized
it's going to be tough and there's a lot
of running but you know once you step
out on the field it's just play a player
named the way we know how you know I
think coach had confidence in us and
said play your game and it worked out so
a tough game it's always a it really is
an honor to play against such great
players but you got to go out to play
your game we shout before even if it's
only family even from the games we take
it serious we can't go out and be in a
way humiliated because you never know
with teams like this like you've and so
we've talked about some few key points
in our defending attacking and of course
we said it is so friendly it's a little
bit of a show so you know I just enjoy
but it's still rather serious solution
you
congratulations first goal for the
rebels tonight how's that feel when it
hit the back of the net in front of the
esc in surprise groups and against the
team like this i was an unbelievable
feeling that's always good to score
goals and no last year in scoring is in
the beginning of since i didn't score
any so uh he's gonna go over to ventus
the top team in the world is
unbelievable i know it's going to help
me with my confidence and hopefully more
to come in league games when it really
counts but today was unbelievable
feeling and i was happy to get a go
slightly disappointed when you saw that
shot come off the crossbar well I was
but we gotta go through that's all it
matter Evan Garcia got his first season
star how did you avail you ate his
performance I'm happy with Irving
because he's been in a way a little bit
lost in our defending game about
position making is a honest guy
hard-working guy so I'm really happy
that he could have the confidence in a
way to take a play like grow so on for
one we once almost i would say 60
minutes and being involved in one goal
good crosses hard work so now i'm very
pleased for him i'm us a few personally
another 90 minutes you feeling good yeah
no it's used for me i mean i need these
games and hopefully really get back to
Game fitness you know it's still still
hard for me to play 90 so I feel good
and you know excited hopefully to move
forward helpless club
no lead points to be taken from today's
victory but a fantastic performance over
a great club in front of a huge crowd be
sure to give the team confidence with
their stretch of games coming up
you